Hey, what's up? So, I want to do a quick
video for people who love Neovim the way
that I do and who have been feeling kind
of left out because they've been
watching all these cool videos of
people, you know, in cloud code and
they've got cursor open or they got VS
Code or whatever and they're using
extensions and you're like, "Wow, I need
to get this into Neovim." And there are
a few extensions, but they have like
custom bindings and like I don't know,
it it seems weird to be unnaturally
spawning claude code in different ways.
And I'm like, wait a minute, maybe
there's an easier way to do this. So,
let me show you what I'm doing. So, in
this pane over here, I've got claw code
open. Okay, this is a ghosty terminal
with three panes. It's very simple and
I'm going to put a link in the
description for how you could do all the
um actually I'm just going to put the
command in the description for how you
could do all these ghosty conf uh
terminal commands. Right? So it's
basically uh control and the vim
commands to move through these three
panes and the three panes are cloud code
on the left
your vim environment on the right and
right so I could go you know I can move
between my buffers I could do file
search I could do whatever I need to do
from here that's why I don't have
another pane open with the file tree why
do you need a file tree open you could
just go and get anything you want the
buffer is right there you can go select
the buffer, right? But I also always
want a terminal available. So I just go
down. I have my terminal right there,
right? So I come up here, you know, and
I've got my live site over here on the
side. So I say testing. Boom. And look
at this over here. Boom. Testing. I'm
live. I'm over here editing.
Everything's fine, right? What why why
do we need an editor? Why why do we need
uh cursor or why do we need VS Code? We
don't get out of this, that's going to
disappear. So, this is for somebody
hopefully who's feeling kind of left out
about the cloud code thing in Vim. We
don't have to over complicate it. A
ghosty window with three panes. See you
in the next one.